So in the last video, we decided on our general plan for the next videos,
let's start with creating our components or the components we identified thus far.
For that, I'll create a components folder and of course you could also create a different folder structure
where you structure by feature for example
but I'll stick to this since this looks about right for the size of this application.
So here in this components folder, we'll certainly want a home.vue file for this home page we're
landing on,
we want a header.vue file let's say and then I'll create two subfolders in there.
The first one I'll name portfolio and the second folder I'll name stocks,
so for these two main features we have in our app. In the portfolio folder here, I want to create my portfolio.vue
file so this main page and I'll also create a stock.vue file for the individual stock on this portfolio
page.
Now in the stocks file folder here, I'll create a stocks.vue file and I'll create a stock.vue file
here too,
now the two stock files here will have some shared code so you could also create one component and then
simply control what should be displayed
but as it turns out, there are quite a lot of differences even though on the first look, they look very
similar.
So whilst you could make it work to use one single component and adjust it to the context you're loading
in it,
I'm going to choose the more explicit, the more well specific route here of creating two different components
for that but you can of course and that might be extra challenge, use one and the same component for that.
Anyways we'll come back to this,
let's continue with setting up our app here. With all these components here in place,
I think a good start is before working on the individual components to simply mark them,
so let's give each of them a template and I'll output a h1 tag where I say the home component
and so on so that when we implement routing, I can see if that works.
So I'm going to copy that code from here into my header where I of course want to say the header component,
then here we got the stocks component,
here we got the stocks stock component
and here, we got the portfolio component.
Well I didn't need to fill the stock component because we won't see that for now but anyways,
the portfolio stocks compnents so now all components have a template at least.
And with that let's say, now with the components sketched out of the main components created even though
they didn't do much right now,
in the next video, let's have a look at how we could set up the routes and that of course is as always
a challenge for you, try to come up with the possible routing set up on your own before we then set it
up together in the next video.